What's up, guys? In this video, I'm going to be talking about how we can be leveraging theme pages that you already own, that already have a pretty big following, and using those to participate in campaigns. So…
I pulled up just an example of a pretty good theme page that someone could have, this one specific to music. Now, obviously, before I get into this, I do want to preface, we do have…
campaigns that require fan pages. So, obviously, a lot of our campaigns, Jason Nerillo, Kidleroy, Central Sea, some others, require you to actually make an account that is specific to that client. And we have another video in this course that talks about creating client accounts, and when we talk about client accounts, we're really talking about fan page accounts.
However, we do also have campaigns that you can use theme pages for. Not only that, but if you have a fan page account, and you also have a theme page account.
you can actually use that theme page account to collab with your client account. And we have an entire video on that. We call them mothership accounts. Mothership accounts are theme page accounts that are established.
And you can use that theme page account to essentially kickstart your fan page account and collab with that, so that you can start gaining followers and gaining views more quickly. So check out that video if you want to learn how you can leverage it in that way. But, in this video, I'm going to be going over how to actually leverage your theme page account
Just to participate in other campaigns.
So let's say that you have this music account. You're in the music niche. We have campaigns, for example, if you go into Creator Exchange.
and you go into the artist views campaigns, anything in the artist views campaigns that's in here does not require a fan page. So, that means that you can use your theme page and post directly on that theme page, as long as you're following the requirements.
So, if we wanted to post for Key Glock, obviously this budget is almost out, but you could submit for Key Glock
a video on this specific theme page. If you had this Music Never Stop theme page, you could post a video of Key Glock using the correct sound, and that would get approved. So that's how you can leverage it. But, let's say that you had a comedy account. We had…
Comedy Mothership, for example. Let's say you had this account.
You probably wouldn't want to post music
on this comedy account. For this, you would probably want to post entertainment, maybe stand-up. We did have had a client in the past that was a stand-up comedy client.
So, depending on what your theme page is, you can leverage that page
To actually participate in these campaigns.
So… Obviously, we have the comedy page.
Now, let's say that you have, like, a finance.
Page.
Or, like, a… Let's go to Finance Unfolded, for example.
This guy talks about how to actually get, like, free things, talks about, you know, crazy deals throughout the year, essentially.
Now, let's say that you wanted… you had this page, and you wanted to use it for a campaign.
Well, we also have campaigns that are for tax strategists, finance creators, and etc. So what you can do is, if you own this, you can actually leverage this by posting on your fan page and collabing with this page. We also have, you know, depending on what the campaign is, it could be a fan page, it could be a clipping, regular clipping campaign.
Whatever it is, You… if you have a theme page account, we have opportunities for you.
So, if you have a theme page account, and you're not sure how you can use it for, and you're not able to see any of the campaigns that we have to offer that don't require fan pages, shoot me a DM, reach out to me, and I'll definitely be able to give you some opportunities, because we're always looking for large theme page accounts like this.